day subscribers new YouTube viewers and
friends it's me ranch and today I opened
up a fate reforged pre-release pack that
I had kicking around in my collection
because I had two of them and I decided
that you know what all open these packs
because why not on the plus side could
pull something good so let's move
mangled pack so hoping for a stretch out
of these straight to the river and cons
all right chief the scales are first in
the common roar of challenge which is
sky elder and a savage knuckle blade so
for those who don't know green blue red
444 uh two colors in the green savage
knuckle blade gets plus two plus two
until end of turn activate this ability
only each only once each turn and then
one blue and two colors return savage
knuckle blade to its owner's hand and
then one red gain taste until end of
turn then on to the fate reforged when I
finally get myself to move it without
batteries ines if I can get for the
first pack
oil noxious dragon honors reward hungry
Yeti all right nough citadel siege so it
is a too white to color sand chantment
so when as there's a battlefield choose
concert wagons if you choose cons at the
beginning of combat on your turn put two
plus one plus one counters on a target
for you control if you choose dragons at
the beginning of the combat each
opponents turn tap target creature that
player controls and get with scarred
crack alright sorry about the choppy
editing my battery died and have to go
in charge in those
Valerie Stan's winds of calcis mo helix
scale guard finally finally finally
finally got my googan Oh finally finally
oh well this this would have been a
pretty useless crap I mean career Li's
back now we get a foil Lowell me being
greedy huijin's construct wild slash
sages reverie and dragon scale general
it is a two three four one white and
three colors at the beginning of your
end step bolster x where x is the number
of tapped creatures you control and the
bolster mechanic is you choose the
creature with the least power and you
put the +1 +1 counters on
photopack yay while / CJ's reverie
battle brawler and another dragon scale
general alright well you know what
matching cards is good for a pre-release
event and then the foil ruthless
instincts travel tond of turn and death
touch and reach until them to turn it on
tap it cool all right and a fetch land
sweet all right well pretty damn happy I
open that up thanks so much for watching
guys hopefully bring you some more cool
stuff real soon